1. Group: ch.qos.logback Name: logback-classic Version: 1.4.5

Manifest Project URL: http://www.qos.ch

POM License: Eclipse Public License - v 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html

POM License: GNU Lesser General Public License - http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.html

2. Group: ch.qos.logback Name: logback-core Version: 1.4.5

Manifest Project URL: http://www.qos.ch

POM License: Eclipse Public License - v 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html

POM License: GNU Lesser General Public License - http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.html

3. Group: com.fasterxml Name: classmate Version: 1.5.1

Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/java-classmate

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: classmate-1.5.1.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
classmate-1.5.1.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

4. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson Name: jackson-bom Version: 2.14.2

No license information found

5. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.core Name: jackson-annotations Version: 2.14.2

Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: jackson-annotations-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
jackson-annotations-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

6. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.core Name: jackson-core Version: 2.14.2

Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-core

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: jackson-core-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
jackson-core-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

7. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.core Name: jackson-databind Version: 2.14.2

Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: jackson-databind-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
jackson-databind-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

8. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat Name: jackson-dataformat-yaml Version: 2.14.2

Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-dataformats-text

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: jackson-dataformat-yaml-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
jackson-dataformat-yaml-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

9. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype Name: jackson-datatype-jdk8 Version: 2.14.2

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-modules-java8/jackson-datatype-jdk8

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

10. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype Name: jackson-datatype-jsr310 Version: 2.14.2

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-modules-java8/jackson-datatype-jsr310

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: jackson-datatype-jsr310-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE

11. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.module Name: jackson-module-kotlin Version: 2.14.2

Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-module-kotlin

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: jackson-module-kotlin-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
jackson-module-kotlin-2.14.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

12. Group: com.fasterxml.jackson.module Name: jackson-module-parameter-names Version: 2.14.2

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-modules-java8/jackson-module-parameter-names

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

13. Group: com.github.slugify Name: slugify Version: 3.0.2

POM Project URL: https://github.com/slugify/slugify

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

14. Group: com.h2database Name: h2 Version: 2.1.214

POM Project URL: https://h2database.com

POM License: EPL 1.0 - https://opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php

POM License: MPL 2.0 - https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/

15. Group: com.mchange Name: mchange-commons-java Version: 0.2.15

POM Project URL: https://github.com/swaldman/mchange-commons-java

POM License: Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-v10.html

POM License: GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1 - http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html

16. Group: com.opencsv Name: opencsv Version: 5.7.1

POM Project URL: http://opencsv.sf.net

POM License: Apache 2 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

17. Group: com.sun.istack Name: istack-commons-runtime Version: 4.1.1

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM License: Eclipse Distribution License - v 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

18. Group: com.zaxxer Name: HikariCP Version: 5.0.1

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/brettwooldridge

POM Project URL: https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

19. Group: io.micrometer Name: micrometer-commons Version: 1.10.4

POM Project URL: https://github.com/micrometer-metrics/micrometer

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: micrometer-commons-1.10.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
micrometer-commons-1.10.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

20. Group: io.micrometer Name: micrometer-observation Version: 1.10.4

POM Project URL: https://github.com/micrometer-metrics/micrometer

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: micrometer-observation-1.10.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
micrometer-observation-1.10.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

21. Group: io.swagger.core.v3 Name: swagger-annotations-jakarta Version: 2.2.9

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core/modules/swagger-annotations

Manifest License: "Apache License 2.0";link="http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html" (Not packaged)

POM License: Apache License 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html

Embedded license files: swagger-annotations-jakarta-2.2.9.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
swagger-annotations-jakarta-2.2.9.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

22. Group: io.swagger.core.v3 Name: swagger-core-jakarta Version: 2.2.9

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core/modules/swagger-core

Manifest License: "Apache License 2.0";link="http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html" (Not packaged)

POM License: Apache License 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html

Embedded license files: swagger-core-jakarta-2.2.9.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
swagger-core-jakarta-2.2.9.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

23. Group: io.swagger.core.v3 Name: swagger-models-jakarta Version: 2.2.9

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core/modules/swagger-models

Manifest License: "Apache License 2.0";link="http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html" (Not packaged)

POM License: Apache License 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html

Embedded license files: swagger-models-jakarta-2.2.9.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
swagger-models-jakarta-2.2.9.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

24. Group: jakarta.activation Name: jakarta.activation-api Version: 2.1.1

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM Project URL: https://github.com/jakartaee/jaf-api

POM License: EDL 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jakarta.activation-api-2.1.1.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jakarta.activation-api-2.1.1.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

25. Group: jakarta.annotation Name: jakarta.annotation-api Version: 2.1.1

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM Project URL: https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/ee4j.ca

POM License: EPL 2.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

POM License: GPL2 w/ CPE - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jakarta.annotation-api-2.1.1.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jakarta.annotation-api-2.1.1.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

26. Group: jakarta.inject Name: jakarta.inject-api Version: 2.0.0

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM Project URL: https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/injection-api

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: jakarta.inject-api-2.0.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
jakarta.inject-api-2.0.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

27. Group: jakarta.persistence Name: jakarta.persistence-api Version: 3.1.0

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM Project URL: https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/jpa-api

POM License: Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jakarta.persistence-api-3.1.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jakarta.persistence-api-3.1.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

28. Group: jakarta.transaction Name: jakarta.transaction-api Version: 2.0.1

Manifest Project URL: https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j

POM Project URL: https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/ee4j.jta

POM License: EPL 2.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

POM License: GPL2 w/ CPE - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jakarta.transaction-api-2.0.1.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jakarta.transaction-api-2.0.1.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

29. Group: jakarta.validation Name: jakarta.validation-api Version: 3.0.2

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM Project URL: https://beanvalidation.org

POM License: Apache License 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

30. Group: jakarta.xml.bind Name: jakarta.xml.bind-api Version: 4.0.0

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM License: Eclipse Distribution License - v 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jakarta.xml.bind-api-4.0.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jakarta.xml.bind-api-4.0.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

31. Group: javax.activation Name: javax.activation-api Version: 1.2.0

Manifest Project URL: http://www.oracle.com

POM License: CDDL/GPLv2+CE - https://github.com/javaee/activation/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

Embedded license files: javax.activation-api-1.2.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt

32. Group: javax.xml.bind Name: jaxb-api Version: 2.3.1

Manifest Project URL: http://www.oracle.com/

POM License: CDDL 1.1 - https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1

POM License: GPL2 w/ CPE - https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/CDDL+GPL-1.1

Embedded license files: jaxb-api-2.3.1.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt

33. Group: net.bytebuddy Name: byte-buddy Version: 1.12.23

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: byte-buddy-1.12.23.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
byte-buddy-1.12.23.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

34. Group: org.antlr Name: antlr4-runtime Version: 4.10.1

Manifest Project URL: http://www.antlr.org

POM License: The BSD License - http://www.antlr.org/license.html

35. Group: org.apache.commons Name: commons-collections4 Version: 4.4

Project URL: https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-collections/

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: commons-collections4-4.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
commons-collections4-4.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

36. Group: org.apache.commons Name: commons-lang3 Version: 3.12.0

Project URL: https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: commons-lang3-3.12.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
commons-lang3-3.12.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

37. Group: org.apache.commons Name: commons-text Version: 1.10.0

Project URL: https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-text

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: commons-text-1.10.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
commons-text-1.10.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

38. Group: org.apache.logging.log4j Name: log4j-api Version: 2.19.0

Manifest Project URL: https://www.apache.org/

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: log4j-api-2.19.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
log4j-api-2.19.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

39. Group: org.apache.logging.log4j Name: log4j-to-slf4j Version: 2.19.0

Manifest Project URL: https://www.apache.org/

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: log4j-to-slf4j-2.19.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
log4j-to-slf4j-2.19.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

40. Group: org.apache.tomcat.embed Name: tomcat-embed-core Version: 10.1.5

POM Project URL: https://tomcat.apache.org/

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: tomcat-embed-core-10.1.5.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
tomcat-embed-core-10.1.5.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

41. Group: org.apache.tomcat.embed Name: tomcat-embed-el Version: 10.1.5

POM Project URL: https://tomcat.apache.org/

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: tomcat-embed-el-10.1.5.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
tomcat-embed-el-10.1.5.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

42. Group: org.apache.tomcat.embed Name: tomcat-embed-websocket Version: 10.1.5

POM Project URL: https://tomcat.apache.org/

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: tomcat-embed-websocket-10.1.5.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
tomcat-embed-websocket-10.1.5.jar/META-INF/NOTICE

43. Group: org.aspectj Name: aspectjweaver Version: 1.9.19

POM Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org/aspectj/

POM License: Eclipse Public License - v 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

44. Group: org.attoparser Name: attoparser Version: 2.0.6.RELEASE

Project URL: https://www.attoparser.org

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: attoparser-2.0.6.RELEASE.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
attoparser-2.0.6.RELEASE.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

45. Group: org.bouncycastle Name: bcprov-jdk18on Version: 1.72

POM Project URL: https://www.bouncycastle.org/java.html

POM License: Bouncy Castle Licence - https://www.bouncycastle.org/licence.html

46. Group: org.checkerframework Name: checker-qual Version: 3.5.0

Manifest License: MIT (Not packaged)

POM Project URL: https://checkerframework.org

POM License: The MIT License - http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

Embedded license files: checker-qual-3.5.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt

47. Group: org.eclipse.angus Name: angus-activation Version: 2.0.0

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM License: EDL 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: angus-activation-2.0.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
angus-activation-2.0.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

48. Group: org.eclipse.angus Name: jakarta.mail Version: 1.0.0

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM License: EDL 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: EPL 2.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

POM License: GPL2 w/ CPE - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jakarta.mail-1.0.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jakarta.mail-1.0.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
jakarta.mail-1.0.0.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

49. Group: org.glassfish.jaxb Name: jaxb-core Version: 4.0.2

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM Project URL: https://eclipse-ee4j.github.io/jaxb-ri/

POM License: Eclipse Distribution License - v 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jaxb-core-4.0.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jaxb-core-4.0.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

50. Group: org.glassfish.jaxb Name: jaxb-runtime Version: 4.0.2

Manifest Project URL: https://www.eclipse.org

POM Project URL: https://eclipse-ee4j.github.io/jaxb-ri/

POM License: Eclipse Distribution License - v 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: jaxb-runtime-4.0.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
jaxb-runtime-4.0.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

51. Group: org.glassfish.jaxb Name: txw2 Version: 4.0.2

POM Project URL: https://eclipse-ee4j.github.io/jaxb-ri/

POM License: Eclipse Distribution License - v 1.0 - http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php

POM License: Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 - https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/epl-2.0/EPL-2.0.txt

POM License: GNU General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception - https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html

Embedded license files: txw2-4.0.2.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.md
txw2-4.0.2.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.md

52. Group: org.hibernate.common Name: hibernate-commons-annotations Version: 6.0.6.Final

POM Project URL: http://hibernate.org

POM License: GNU Library General Public License v2.1 or later - http://www.opensource.org/licenses/LGPL-2.1

53. Group: org.hibernate.orm Name: hibernate-core Version: 6.1.7.Final

Manifest Project URL: https://www.hibernate.org/orm/6.1

POM Project URL: https://hibernate.org/orm

POM License: GNU Library General Public License v2.1 or later - https://www.opensource.org/licenses/LGPL-2.1

54. Group: org.hibernate.validator Name: hibernate-validator Version: 8.0.0.Final

POM License: Apache License 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

55. Group: org.jboss Name: jandex Version: 2.4.2.Final

Manifest Project URL: http://www.jboss.org

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: Public Domain - http://repository.jboss.org/licenses/cc0-1.0.txt

56. Group: org.jboss.logging Name: jboss-logging Version: 3.5.0.Final

Project URL: http://www.jboss.org

POM License: Apache License, version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

POM License: Public Domain - http://repository.jboss.org/licenses/cc0-1.0.txt

Embedded license files: jboss-logging-3.5.0.Final.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt

57. Group: org.jetbrains Name: annotations Version: 13.0

POM Project URL: http://www.jetbrains.org

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

58. Group: org.jetbrains.kotlin Name: kotlin-reflect Version: 1.7.22

POM Project URL: https://kotlinlang.org/

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

59. Group: org.jetbrains.kotlin Name: kotlin-stdlib Version: 1.7.22

POM Project URL: https://kotlinlang.org/

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

60. Group: org.jetbrains.kotlin Name: kotlin-stdlib-common Version: 1.7.22

POM Project URL: https://kotlinlang.org/

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

61. Group: org.jetbrains.kotlin Name: kotlin-stdlib-jdk7 Version: 1.7.22

POM Project URL: https://kotlinlang.org/

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

62. Group: org.jetbrains.kotlin Name: kotlin-stdlib-jdk8 Version: 1.7.22

POM Project URL: https://kotlinlang.org/

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

63. Group: org.liquibase Name: liquibase-core Version: 4.17.2

Manifest Project URL: http://www.liquibase.org

POM Project URL: http://www.liquibase.org/liquibase-root/liquibase-dist

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

64. Group: org.postgresql Name: postgresql Version: 42.5.4

Manifest Project URL: https://jdbc.postgresql.org/

Manifest License: BSD-2-Clause (Not packaged)

POM Project URL: https://jdbc.postgresql.org

POM License: BSD-2-Clause - https://jdbc.postgresql.org/about/license.html

Embedded license files: postgresql-42.5.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE
postgresql-42.5.4.jar/META-INF/licenses/com.ongres.scram/client-2.1/LICENSE
postgresql-42.5.4.jar/META-INF/licenses/com.ongres.scram/common-2.1/LICENSE
postgresql-42.5.4.jar/META-INF/licenses/com.ongres.stringprep/saslprep-1.1/LICENSE
postgresql-42.5.4.jar/META-INF/licenses/com.ongres.stringprep/stringprep-1.1/LICENSE

65. Group: org.quartz-scheduler Name: quartz Version: 2.3.2

Manifest Project URL: http://www.terracotta.org

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

66. Group: org.slf4j Name: jul-to-slf4j Version: 2.0.6

Manifest Project URL: http://www.qos.ch

POM Project URL: http://www.slf4j.org

POM License: MIT License - http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

67. Group: org.slf4j Name: slf4j-api Version: 2.0.6

Manifest Project URL: http://www.qos.ch

POM Project URL: http://www.slf4j.org

POM License: MIT License - http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

68. Group: org.springdoc Name: springdoc-openapi-starter-common Version: 2.1.0

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: springdoc-openapi-starter-common-2.1.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE

69. Group: org.springdoc Name: springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-api Version: 2.1.0

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-api-2.1.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE

70. Group: org.springdoc Name: springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-ui Version: 2.1.0

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

POM License: The Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-ui-2.1.0.jar/META-INF/LICENSE

71. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-aop Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-aop-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-aop-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

72. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-aspects Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-aspects-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-aspects-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

73. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-beans Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-beans-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-beans-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

74. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-context Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-context-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-context-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

75. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-context-support Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-context-support-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-context-support-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

76. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-core Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-core-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-core-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

77. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-expression Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-expression-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-expression-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

78. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-jcl Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-jcl-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-jcl-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

79. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-jdbc Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-jdbc-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-jdbc-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

80. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-orm Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-orm-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-orm-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

81. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-tx Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-tx-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-tx-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

82. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-web Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-web-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-web-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

83. Group: org.springframework Name: spring-webmvc Version: 6.0.6

POM Project URL: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-webmvc-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/license.txt
spring-webmvc-6.0.6.jar/META-INF/notice.txt

84. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

85. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-autoconfigure Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-autoconfigure-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-autoconfigure-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

86. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-devtools Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-devtools-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-devtools-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

87. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

88. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-aop Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-aop-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-aop-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

89. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-cache Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-cache-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-cache-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

90. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-data-jpa Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-data-jpa-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-data-jpa-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

91. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-jdbc Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-jdbc-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-jdbc-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

92. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-json Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-json-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-json-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

93. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-logging Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-logging-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-logging-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

94. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-mail Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-mail-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-mail-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

95. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-quartz Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-quartz-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-quartz-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

96. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-security Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-security-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-security-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

97. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-thymeleaf Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-thymeleaf-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-thymeleaf-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

98. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-tomcat Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-tomcat-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-tomcat-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

99. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-validation Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-validation-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-validation-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

100. Group: org.springframework.boot Name: spring-boot-starter-web Version: 3.0.4

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-boot-starter-web-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
spring-boot-starter-web-3.0.4.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

101. Group: org.springframework.data Name: spring-data-commons Version: 3.0.3

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-data

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-data-commons-3.0.3.jar/license.txt
spring-data-commons-3.0.3.jar/notice.txt

102. Group: org.springframework.data Name: spring-data-jpa Version: 3.0.3

POM Project URL: https://projects.spring.io/spring-data-jpa

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Embedded license files: spring-data-jpa-3.0.3.jar/license.txt
spring-data-jpa-3.0.3.jar/notice.txt
spring-data-jpa-3.0.3.jar/readme.txt

103. Group: org.springframework.security Name: spring-security-config Version: 6.0.2

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-security

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

104. Group: org.springframework.security Name: spring-security-core Version: 6.0.2

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-security

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

105. Group: org.springframework.security Name: spring-security-crypto Version: 6.0.2

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-security

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

106. Group: org.springframework.security Name: spring-security-web Version: 6.0.2

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-security

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

107. Group: org.springframework.session Name: spring-session-core Version: 3.0.0

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-session

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

108. Group: org.springframework.session Name: spring-session-jdbc Version: 3.0.0

POM Project URL: https://spring.io/projects/spring-session

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

109. Group: org.thymeleaf Name: thymeleaf Version: 3.1.1.RELEASE

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

110. Group: org.thymeleaf Name: thymeleaf-spring6 Version: 3.1.1.RELEASE

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: thymeleaf-spring6-3.1.1.RELEASE.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
thymeleaf-spring6-3.1.1.RELEASE.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

111. Group: org.unbescape Name: unbescape Version: 1.1.6.RELEASE

Project URL: http://www.unbescape.org

POM License: The Apache Software License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

Embedded license files: unbescape-1.1.6.RELEASE.jar/META-INF/LICENSE.txt
unbescape-1.1.6.RELEASE.jar/META-INF/NOTICE.txt

112. Group: org.webjars Name: swagger-ui Version: 4.18.2

POM Project URL: http://webjars.org

POM License: Apache 2.0 - https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui

113. Group: org.yaml Name: snakeyaml Version: 1.33

POM Project URL: https://bitbucket.org/snakeyaml/snakeyaml

POM License: Apache License, Version 2.0 - http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt
